[WIP] Consolidated 4.10 RAN docs (#43890)
openshift/openshift-docs: scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

// include::modules/ztp-support-for-deployment-of-multi-node-clusters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
// Move this topic and merge with ZTP custom resources - delete the title, use the table of
// resources in ZTP custom resources

include::modules/ztp-provisioning-edge-sites-at-scale.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/about-ztp-and-distributed-units-on-openshift-clusters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-the-gitops-approach.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-ztp-building-blocks.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-how-to-plan-your-ran-policies.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
// Change title to How to plan your RAN policies

// include::modules/ztp-single-node-clusters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
// Remove this topic for now

include::modules/ztp-low-latency-for-distributed-units-dus.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-acm-preparing-to-install-disconnected-acm.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* For more information about creating the disconnected mirror registry, see xref:../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-creating-registry.adoc#installing-mirroring-creating-registry[Creating a mirror registry].

> * For more information about mirroring images to the disconnected registry, see xref:../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-installation-images.html#installing-mirroring-installation-images[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation].

Reviewer: Better to make it more specific

```suggestion
* For more information about mirroring Openshift Platform image to the disconnected registry, see 
xref:../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-installation-images.html#installation-mirror-repository_installing-mirroring-installation-images[Mirroring the OpenShift Container Platform image repository].

* For more information about mirroring Operator calalogs to the disconnected registry, see 
xref:../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-installation-images.html#olm-mirror-catalog_installing-mirroring-installation-images[Mirroring Operator catalogs for use with disconnected clusters].
```

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* For information on viewing the CRI-O logs to view the image source,
see xref:../installing/validating-an-installation.html#viewing-the-image-pull-source_validating-an-installation[Viewing the image pull source].

> 

Reviewer 2: I really want to do overhaul this section as you suggest, but I think it will make more sense to handle this with the ZTP docs refactor epic. Also we're running out of time for this release. I'm going to leave this as is for now.

> 

Reviewer 2: @imiller0 I am going to talk to Yang to see if she can support this from a QE perspective. If she agrees I will make this change.

> 

Reviewer 2: Verified. This is implemented.

include::modules/ztp-discovery-iso.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-checking-the-managed-cluster-status.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-the-cluster-for-a-disconnected-environment.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-ipv6.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-troubleshooting-the-managed-cluster.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// TALO

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

.Additional resources

* For more information about the Topology Aware Lifecycle Operator, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-talo-for-cluster-upgrades.adoc#cnf-about-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-config_cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator[About the Topology Aware Lifecycle Operator].

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-autocreate-cgu-cr-ztp.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-preparing-for-updates.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-platform-update.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-operator-update.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-operator-and-platform-update.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer: These should not be under the module cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-autocreate-cgu-cr-ztp. There are end-to-end procedures for upgrading the restricted network cluster and operators with TALO which should be under a new title

Reviewer: @amolnar-rh thanks Alexandara. Now "End-to-end procedures for updating clusters in a disconnected environment" is under "Updating managed policies with the Topology Aware lifecycle opeator" which is still not ideal. They should be the same level.

Author: @yliu127 @Missxiaoguo Updated.

include::modules/ztp-the-policygentemplate.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Custom resources 340 1/2

include::modules/ztp-pgt-config-best-practices.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* For details about best practice for scaling clusters with {rh-rhacm-first}, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.4/html/install/installing#performance-and-scalability[ACM performance and scalability considerations].

[NOTE]
====
Scaling the hub cluster to managing large numbers of spoke clusters is affected by the number of policies created on the hub cluster. Grouping multiple configuration CRs into a single or limited number of policies is one way to reduce the overall number of policies on the hub cluster. When using the common/group/site hierarchy of policies for managing site configuration, it is especially important to combine site-specific configuration into a single policy.
====

// End of 340 content

include::modules/ztp-creating-the-policygentemplate-cr.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-policygentemplates-for-ran.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/ztp-generating-ran-policies.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 2: @StephenJamesSmith can you have a look at this plz

> include::modules/ztp-generating-ran-policies.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 2: Moved this down to manual install section, content is not updated.

include::modules/ztp-using-pgt-to-update-source-crs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-adding-new-content-to-gitops-ztp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-talo-integration.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-customizing-the-install-extra-manifests.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-ptp-fast-events.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-uefi-secure-boot.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// End of 340

// include::modules/ztp-creating-the-site-secrets.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
// Remove this topic - keep the note and move to Step 3 in "Deploying a site"

include::modules/ztp-monitoring-deployment-progress.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Definition of done
include::modules/ztp-definition-of-done-for-ztp-installations.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/ztp-creating-a-validator-inform-policy.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/ztp-querying-the-policy-compliance-status-for-each-cluster.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//Troubleshooting

include::modules/ztp-troubleshooting-gitops-ztp.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-validating-the-generation-of-installation-crs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> include::modules/ztp-validating-the-generation-of-policy-crs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 3: This module is a duplicate of the next one. This one (ztp-validating-the-generation-of-policy-crs) is not accurate and should be removed.

include::modules/ztp-required-changes-to-the-git-repository.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-installing-the-new-gitops-ztp-applications.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-roll-out-the-configuration-changes.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
.Additional resources
* For information about creating `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc#talo-create-cgu-cr_ztp-deploying-disconnected[Creating the ClusterGroupUpgrade CR].

// Manual installation moved here

include::modules/ztp-manually-install-a-single-managed-cluster.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-a-static-ip.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-discovery-iso.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-checking-the-managed-cluster-status.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-the-cluster-for-a-disconnected-environment.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-ipv6.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-troubleshooting-the-managed-cluster.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-applying-source-custom-resource-policies.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> include::modules/ztp-things-to-consider-when-creating-custom-resource-policies.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 3: Creation of policies using PolicyGenTemplate is well covered in other portions of this document. I think these two sections should be dropped.

* For more information about updating clusters in a disconnected environment, see xref:../updating/updating-restricted-network-cluster.adoc#update-service-overview_updating-restricted-network-cluster[Updating a restricted network cluster using the OpenShift Update Service].

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-create-cgu-cr.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-apply-policies.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-precache-feature.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-preparing-for-updates.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-platform-update.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-operator-update.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-operator-and-platform-update.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> include::modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-troubleshooting.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 3: This troubleshooting section seems general purpose for any use of TALO. It seems like it would be a better fit in the TALO specific documentation rather than under the ZTP doc.

Reviewer 2: FYI @amolnar-rh
